Add Administration docs group (DEL-32733) (#264)
speechmatics/docs: docs/administration/accounts.mdx

---
title: Accounts
description: Sign up, manage sign-in methods, update your profile and security settings, and delete your account.
---

# Accounts

An account is your individual identity on the Speechmatics platform. Accounts belong to one or more [workspaces](/administration/workspaces-concepts), where you act as either an Admin or a Member.

## Sign up and verification

1. Go to [portal.speechmatics.com/signup](https://portal.speechmatics.com/signup).
2. Sign up with email and password, or with a supported OAuth provider (Google or GitHub).
3. If you signed up with email, verify your email address using the link sent to your inbox.

If your email address matches a [verified domain](/administration/domain-verification), you join that workspace automatically. Otherwise, a new workspace is created for you.

## Sign-in methods

> You can sign in with email and password, or with a connected OAuth account. Speechmatics supports Google and GitHub. Manage connected accounts under **Settings > Profile > User**.

Reviewer: Could link directly too

```suggestion
You can sign in with email and password, or with a connected OAuth account. Speechmatics supports Google and GitHub. Manage connected accounts under **[Settings > Profile > User](https://portal.speechmatics.com/settings/profile/user)**.
```

The available sign-in methods are determined by your workspace. If your workspace has [SSO](/administration/sso) enabled, sign in through your identity provider instead.

## Profile and security

Go to **Settings > Profile** in the portal to manage your account.

- **User**: update your name, view your email address, and manage connected OAuth accounts.
- **Security**: change your password and manage multi-factor authentication (MFA).
- **Signed-in devices**: view active sessions and sign out of individual devices or all other devices at once.

## Delete your account

Deleting your account is permanent. You will no longer be able to create an account with the same email address.

1. Go to **Settings > Profile > User**.
2. In the **Delete account** section, click **Delete account**.
3. Confirm the deletion.

> You cannot delete your account while you are an Admin in any workspace. Transfer Admin access to another member first, or contact [support@speechmatics.com](mailto:support@speechmatics.com).

Reviewer: Small correction:

```suggestion
You cannot delete your account while you are an Admin in multiple workspaces. Transfer Admin access to another member first, or contact [support@speechmatics.com](mailto:support@speechmatics.com).
```
